Changes after Roma's comments (#65)
uploadcare/uploadcare-wordpress: README.md

# Uploadcare WordPress File Uploader and Adaptive Delivery

> Uploadcare, all-round media storage, management and delivery solution, breaks many of the standard WordPress Media Library limitations. Upload and store files of any size from any device or cloud service. Serve responsive images with lazy loading with zero coding. Improve your WordPress site performance with a single click.

Reviewer: А это изменение точно нужно в ридми гитхаб репо?

Author: думаю одинаково сделать и для юзеров и для разрабов. 1 описать UC, все-таки это важнее всего. 2 что плагин делает и как помогает прокачать WP. а дальше там по фичам видно.
Кстати там встроенный респонсив и Lazy loading тоже. Но загружать отовсюду нельзя. Потом, осн часть website performance (без UC) зависит от хоста где WP (я на амазоне заводил и CDN автоматом конечно же подрубился). эти детали тоже нет смысла разжевывать.

# Uploadcare WordPress File Uploader and Adaptive Delivery

Uploadcare, all-round media upload, storage, management, and delivery solution, breaks many WordPress Media Library limitations. Upload large files from many sources including social media and cloud services. Serve responsive images with Uploadcare CDN with lazy loading to improve your WordPress site performance.

> This plugin allows WordPress authors upload images with Uploadcare File Uploader while creating posts and pages. You can migrate your current Media Library to your Uploadcare storage, use Adaptive Delivery and other Uploadcare features.

Reviewer: Не думаю, что тут стоит использовать проприетарные термины. Я вообще не понимаю, зачем нужен этот абзац.

Author: 1 абзац - что такое Uploadcare,
2 абзац что позволяет делать плагин: добавляет Uploading option, миграцию (new) и позволяет пользоваться всем тем из 1го абзаца. Кто уже наш клиент и знает про Adaptive Delivery (new), то здорово! Они теперь могут юзать плагин со своим WP. Если не знает, тоже не беда, тк упоминаем, что это Uploadcare feature.

Author: ```suggestion
This plugin allows WordPress authors upload images with Uploadcare File Uploader while creating posts and pages. You can migrate your current Media Library to your Uploadcare storage, and use other Uploadcare features.
```

## Features

* Upload files of any type (image, video, document, archive) and size (up to 5 TB).

> * Upload from your device, social network or cloud: Facebook, Instagram, Dropbox, and others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upload from your device, URL, social network (Facebook, Instagram, VK, Flickr), and cloud (Dropbox, Google Drive, Google Photos, OneDrive, Box, Huddle, Evernote).
```

* Transfer your existing Media Library to your Uploadcare storage with no risk of data loss.

> * Uploadcare CDN serves images faster in all parts of the world. Adaptive Delivery analyzes users' context and serves images in a suitable format, resolution, compression, etc.

Reviewer: Мб добавить, что AD делает это для того, чтобы избавить вас от мануальной работы?

* Upload files of any type (image, video, document, archive) and size (up to 5 TB).
* Upload from any device or cloud: Facebook, Instagram, Flickr, Google Drive, Dropbox, and others.

> * Transfer your existing Media Library to your Uploadcare storage with no risk of data loss.

Reviewer: Был специально акцент на том, что это cloud storage. Это конечно очевидно, но..

Author: да очевидно, по этому убрал, еще не так давно было засилье cloud везде, а сейчас уже почти это не используют. Мы еще говорим cloud для всех подряд сервисов в пункте выше.
кстати, там в тесте были отсылки к local Media Library. я не знаю всех деталей как WP работает, но Library точно может быть на другом хосте. это так, FYI, без предложений что-то менять по тексту.
